I'll never let go. Never.
I'll never let go.
I'll never let go!
You're still saying that?
There.
Around that corner...
There it is. Nijo Castle.
Follow this street, then take the first right
and you'll be on Oike-dori Street.
Follow that street to the canal,
and you'll see Nijo Castle on your right.
Right.
And what will you do, Nio?
I'll stall Naozumi-san to buy you time.
No, I won't have that.
He's simply too dangerous.
I'll be fine.
Whatever else I am, I'm a Miburo.
No, no! I'm scared to go alone!
Please be reasonable! If he gets you,
this will all have been for nothing!
I ought to summon reinforcements and
rush to his aid, even if it takes some time.
I know that as well as anyone.
I know it, and yet...
This will not do.
It simply will not.
Forgive me, Nio.
Blue Miburo
Enough!
Let go already, brat!
Never!
Naozumi!
I insist that you stop this.
Kikuchiyo-san!
Oh?
Sorry, Nio.
I cannot be the only one to flee.
In that sense, I suppose
I'm not cut out to rule.
You really are...
the Shogun.
You came back here to die?
Saves me the trouble of coming to find you.
I may not look it,
but I am the Seii Taishogun.
I have d-dabbled in swordplay myself.
You're quaking! You're the
very picture of cowardice!
R-Run, Kikuchiyo-san.
I... I cannot.
D-D-Do your worst.
No.
Your Lordship has done enough.
You are...
Hijikata-san!
Now you look like you can
give me a little entertainment.
Let go.
No!
Please let go of me!
Oh, give it a rest already!
You must be a Miburo.
No warning? You're as wild as the rumors say.
Whoa there.
Where are you from?
How old are you?
Well?
What, are you angry?
What style do you practice?
What awesome strength.
Th-That's Hijikata-san for you.
Do you ever stop yapping?
I've got nothing to say to you.
Sorry. Bad habit of mine.
I haven't met a man worth fighting
in a while, and I got carried away.
Nio, can you move?
Escort His Lordship to Nijo Castle.
Yes, sir.
Ow, ouch.
Let me help you.
S-Sorry.
Can you walk?
I'm fine.
Let's take this way around.
Sure.
Will that fellow be all right?
Should we not call for help?
Don't worry about him.
We'd catch hell for it later
if we called for help instead of escaping.
And I can't imagine Hijikata-san losing.
There's more to come!
Deftly struck.
I see you've got skill as well as strength.
Your strikes are too direct.
Although between that funny sword
and this narrow alley, I can't blame you.
I've found it. I knew you were no ordinary man.
Huh?
Anyway, are you sure you want
to let them go that easily?
Trivialities.
We really ought to talk. I'm sure of it.
What?
You said you've got nothing to say.
But don't be like that. Tell me about yourself.
How about a little story
about me to break the ice?
Shut up.
I don't care about your backstory.
That stings.
You seem to be enjoying this.
I really am. I hear you Miburo are a pack of
ronin from Edo who settled in Mibu Village.
You heard right.
Then you must understand.
Understand what?
Didn't you come here to make your names?
To live by the sword? To prove your worth?
Well, maybe some of us did.
But not me.
What?
Then why did you come?
Ever heard the saying, "We all repay a lifetime
of debt to our parents by the age of three"?
News to me.
It means babies are so lovable,
you can forget about what comes after.
As it happens, I'm an exception.
I was the youngest of ten,
so I got a lot of affection.
And not just from my parents.
My brothers and sisters, aunts and uncles,
and everyone in the village loved me.
L-Loved you?
So you see, I owed too much.
I just want to pay my debts.
When I heard there were guys
like you running wild in Kyoto,
I figured people must be in trouble.
Possibly crying their eyes out.
Whoever they are, I want to do
something for them. That's all.
Of course, no matter how many times I say it,
none of the other Miburo believe me.
Do you know why?
Because I've got a mean face like you.
I see.
I get it. I know just what you mean.
Fighting for the weak
is one aspect of a samurai.
So that's your bushido, huh?
Bushido?
Tell me, brother.
You should be able to answer me.
What is the way of the sword to you? Tell me.
The sword? You mean the way of the samurai?
Yes! The ideal we strive for.
It's a delusion.
Is His Lordship still missing?
Whatever it takes, find him!
Yes, sir!
W-We made it. There's Nijo Castle.
W-We survived.
They say Nio and the Shogun
haven't arrived yet.
What now?
That's a tricky question.
And who knows where Hijikata went!
They're dead! It's all over!
Quit your whining, Taro.
Hey!
We're over here, guys!
It is I. I have returned.
It's Nio. And the Shogun, too.
You're all right.
You're alive?
Took you long enough.
I, uh, wasn't worried. Not one bit.
Seriously?
Still, I'm glad. You both made
it here in one piece—
Yes. Thank goodness
we got through that safely.
Indeed. We faced
no trouble worth mentioning.
Whoa! You got beat to hell and back!
Someone got you good.
Was it that guy?
Yeah. Naozumi-san found us and—
Don't use "san" for the enemy!
How happy-go-lucky can you get?
Lord Iemochi!
You've returned.
My lord, are you hurt?
Merely a few scratches. Do not fuss.
You're covered in blood!
Damn those scoundrels!
We'll make them pay!
Shogun.
What? You dare—
Madam.
Did Nio work hard?
Yes. He did indeed.
He is a splendid worker.
You did good, Nio.
Well done. What a man.
Ow. That hurts, Granny.
I knew you'd come through when it counted.
That's the bare minimum.
Still, they would've had all our heads
if he'd let the Shogun die.
Nio, you're a hero!
You're all exaggerating.
No, I mean it.
By the way, did you see Hijikata?
He went looking for you.
Oh, don't worry.
Hijikata-san is fighting Naozumi-san.
Where?
By now, he should be...
Hey! Where are they fighting?
At least name the place
before passing out on us.
The battlefield is on
Oike-dori Street. Go, Miburo.
Got it.
I wonder if they're still going at it.
Guess we'd better go see.
I will take Nio inside. Open the gates.
Two of my guards were cut down
in the street. Send someone for them.
Yes, my lord.
And summon a doctor at once.
O-Okay, guys, good luck!
Don't get beat—
Ouch, ouch, ouch!
You're going with them, Taro!
Your friends are fighting, so do your part.
Let's go. Those guys are nuts.
The way of the sword is a delusion?
You heard me.
Cheap piece of junk.
The fight's over. Back to our talk.
Why? Why would a samurai
like you say such a thing?
It sounds like there is
some misunderstanding.
I am no samurai.
What?
Then what are you?
Just a farmer's son.
Impossible!
A p-peasant? You? Lies!
Stop lying!
A wakizashi? You wish to continue?
What can you do with that toy?
A test of strength, is it?
Did you think you could
cross blades with me and win?
What?
You punched me?
Is that any way to fight?
Don't act like this is some exhibition duel.
We're brawling, plain and simple.
You want a brawl?
Let go!
No, you let go!
I'll murder you!
You want to keep going?
When did that guy get here?
That's hardly beautiful.
Not beautiful in the least.
Who are you?
Good evening.
Naozumi, that sword of yours
won't do any good here.
You must know that.
A new enemy?
Damn you, Ayame.
I'll be the one to kill you.
Why aren't you wearing your Risshi uniform?
Oh, come on. I'd stick out like a
sore thumb walking around in that.
How stupid can you be?
Do you recognize this flower?
It's called a "rose,"
and I hear it has thorns.
Just like me.
You'll stand out even more in that!
You have potential,
but unfortunately, you lack polish.
Who are you people?
How many are you?
According to the Nihon Shoki, the great serpent,
Yamata no Orochi, had eight heads.
Eight heads.
Namely, the Lily...
the Pure, the Agitator, the Hound, the Quiet,
the Fiend, the Firework Maker, and...
the Samurai.
What are you after?
I'm glad you asked.
We, the Blood Risshidan, will—
Hey! There they are!
Hijikata-san!
What rotten timing.
Oh, my.
Huh?
Oh, my. What's this?
Are you in trouble, by any chance?
Seriously? Come on, man.
Whoa.
Why don't you just finish them off already?
They're Miburo.
Hijikata, we're ready to join in anytime.
This proves you still need to train more.
There's more of them now.
Do something, Hijikata!
Quiet!
Uh-oh. He's getting beat. Lame.
Well, well. All your friends
are here to watch.
If you cross this line, the fighting starts.
Do you want to settle this here or not?
What?
G-Go on, Hajime. Get 'em.
No, I think we'll pass for today.
I see.
Yes. The light just isn't right today.
Let's go, Naozumi.
Huh?
That's how it goes.
Don't make decisions for me.
Your sword's bent.
What?
Hey.
This fight's not over.
What do you call yourself?
Hijikata Toshizo.
Kyohachi Naozumi.
Till we meet again.
Ask the white-haired kid what we want.
Shouldn't we have taken them on
while we had the chance?
Y-Yeah.
You sure we wanna let them go?
Pipe down.
Wow, though. That Naozumi guy seemed tough.
I'll settle the score sooner or later.
More importantly, Soji...
Don't give too much thought
to what doesn't concern you.
Whatever do you mean?
That Hijikata guy must
be awfully important.
Huh?
I didn't really care whether
we went at it or not,
but given where he was standing,
he would have died for certain if we had.
That pretty boy weighed up the benefits
of capturing us and decided not to fight.
It looked like the rest of them
wanted to fight, though.
Hijikata is my prey.
If you touch him, I'll kill you.
Oh, I'm so scared.
Naozumi-san...
You're weak.
What is it?
Still, I liked that white-haired kid.
They're an interesting bunch.
Really?
The Miburo, is it?
Yeah.
That settles it.
They'll be the stars of the festival.
Eight Heads
Next time
A clash between the Miburo
and the Blood Risshidan seems inevitable.
Meanwhile, having successfully
protected Lord Iemochi,
Nio is carried into Nijo Castle
and gains unlooked-for experience.
For the Miburo, it would become
a newfound cause for unity.
Next time: "Sharing the Same Dream."
Sharing
the
Same
Dream
It won't disappoint.